CONTRIBUTING: Add a more fleshed out contributing guide (#4)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Contributor Code of Conduct

As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of
fostering an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who
contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating

> documentation, submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation, submitting pull requests, and other activities.
```

> We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free

Reviewer: I'm not sure if lines 8 - 21 came from legal, but if not - run this by them. We don't want to open ourselves up for any damage with potential botched wording.

Author: We're using the code of conduct from an existing Rapid7 project.

Reviewer: 👍 I get that - but can you confirm THEY had legal check off on it?

Author: @aanand-r7 will be reviewing. Good point.

Author: Approval from @aanand-r7  after adding this: https://github.com/rapid7/insightconnect-plugins/pull/4/commits/cf4bf91aa4ab2bc6f6c33f2f09bd03764b82ae6b

<img width="275" alt="Screen Shot 2019-06-10 at 10 51 30 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30870727/59207972-c091fd80-8b6d-11e9-80a5-b3dcf1a9a8a9.png">

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Personal attacks
* Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing other's private information, such as physical or electronic
  addresses, without explicit permission
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers commit themselves to
fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect of managing
this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of
Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be

> reported by contacting the project maintainers at msfdev@metasploit.com. If

Reviewer: Wrong email add
```suggestion
reported by contacting the project maintainers at IntegrationAlliance@rapid7.com. If
```

Author: Good catch here

the incident involves a committer, you may report directly to

> jonathan_schipp@rapid7.com.

Reviewer: I think this should still point to IntegrationAlliance@rapid7.com. Outside of that, I'm not sure you want to put your personal work email out like this.

Author: My thoughts are that it should go to the manager, to not distract engineers.

Reviewer: Fair point. Can you get an email alias setup for that purpose?
